WHAT DOES IT guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be making some changes you can see that this is the white thing that
is coming.
I want to remove this OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here I'm going to make sure that the changes are safe.
OK and then I have to go to cross and I'm going to go to your page or the dashboard.
So I want to go to the dashboard right here.
OK.
And now I want to go to the Customize.
So on.
I want to customize my this page so that it looks good.
OK.
I want to make the change to the header.
So the head of me and the logo too many on the general So the background color is this.
OK.
If it's just transparent make it transparent
waterbottle.
I want to choose this color so I want to change the color to be.
I think this looks good OK because this is matching or if I just choose it to be transparent
then I think it is also looking good.
Yes.
OK.
I think transparency looks good.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish so you can see that
how my website is looking.
If I just opened it up I can Ziel dot com.
You guys are going to see how this is looking so let's just open up the contact page and on opening
to conduct base.
This is how it's looking so I'll just change this later on.
We'll just change it.
We'll change the color of this but since we are working up right on the homepage right now.
So aiting on home page it is looking great.
OK.
I want to go to and make some changes to my menu right here.
De-link color
OK.
Let's just make some changes and make sure that it looks great on our website.
So I'm going to change it a bit so that it looks great.
Not this one but I think the backlighting would look great on this.
So looks cool kind of cool bed mat
triple dot under
OK I think I like this one.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead with this one.
And I want to make the changes to this as well.
OK.
I'm going to go down and we're Taizz to scrub down styling.
So I want to go ahead a bit the background color to be this one cool.
So the map my background color is fully transparent you can see OK and
the top border color should be fill right here.
So this is looking cool.
OK.
This is looking great.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish now so let's come here let's just refresh our website
and you can see how this is looking.
So we have our home we have our services.
We have a plug bage and then we have a contact us so everything is great.
OK.
What I'm going to do I am just going to come here and I'm going to make sure that it is saved and I'm
going to close it.
I'm just going to come here with it for the Ellman tour and I'm going to increase the size of my full
width right here.
So just come here OK.
I'm going to at section and the height should be
for 600 pixel OK.
I'm just going to click here and again see how my website is looking.
So now I think my web site is looking great.
So I'm just going to go here and I'm going to hit save and now I'm sad to say.
So thanks all guys who are watching this in the next video we're going to be moving on with the new
section and to create a new section for about section.
And then we're going to go with and create a new section that is going to be experience education and
everything.
So stay tuned.
And by.